let me Begin by the UN Secretary General
Antonio gues briefing the general
assembly on his priorities for the year
ahead Gaza was at the top of his list
the scale and speed of the conflict
worse than anywhere else in the world in
his seven years in the job and he warned
the death toll May soon rise even more
and I'm especially alarmed by reports
that the Israeli military intends to
focus next on Rafa where hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians have been
squeezed in a desperate search for
safety such an action would
exponentially increase what is already a
humanitarian nightmare with Untold
Regional
consequences later his special
coordinator normally based in Jerusalem
briefed reporters here at un
headquarters he spoke moments after
prime minister Netanyahu rejected
hamas's latest proposal we know very
well the Israelis know even better but
still planning that having a very active
warfare in the area of Rafa with more
than 1.2 million people assembled and
Rafa and K Shalom being the entry point
at the moment the only one actively for
humanitarian
supplies will be completely catastrophic
Rafa is gaza's Lifeline the UN Security
Council has passed two resolutions
calling for humanitarian Aid into Gaza
to be scaled up this was also ordered by
the international court of justice at
the end of last month many observers
believe Israel is contravening the
decisions of these two world bodies
whose rulings are considered binding
international law James Bay's Al jazer
of the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer